Javascript: Batch transactions tutorial (#3372)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/tutorials/how-tos/use-batch-transactions/send-a-single-account-batch-transaction.md

---
seo:
    description: Send a Batch transaction from a single account.
metadata:
  indexPage: true
labels:
  - Batch
  - Transactions
---
# Send a Single Account Batch Transaction

A [Batch transaction][] allows you to group multiple transactions together and execute them as a single atomic operation.

This tutorial shows you how to create a Batch transaction where a single account submits multiple transactions that either all succeed together or all fail together.

## Goals

By the end of this tutorial, you will be able to:

- Create a Batch transaction with multiple inner transactions, signed and submitted by a single account.

> - Configure the Batch transaction to ensure atomicity, so that either all inner transactions succeed or they all fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `Batch` transaction with multiple inner transactions, signed and submitted by a single account.
- Configure the `Batch` transaction to ensure atomicity, so that all inner transactions succeed or fail together.
```

## Prerequisites

To complete this tutorial, you should:

- Have a basic understanding of the XRP Ledger.
- Have an XRP Ledger client library set up in your development environment. This page provides examples for the following:
  - **JavaScript** with the [xrpl.js library](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl.js). See [Get Started Using JavaScript](../../javascript/build-apps/get-started.md) for setup steps.

## Source Code

You can find the complete source code for this tutorial's examples in the [code samples section of this website's repository](https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal/tree/master/_code-samples/batch/).

## Steps

> The example in this tutorial demonstrates a scenario where an account sends multiple payments that must be processed atomically in one Batch transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example in this tutorial demonstrates a scenario where an account sends multiple payments that must be processed atomically in one `Batch` transaction.
```
